# ✅ VALID
valid/1234.rt|Parsing OK

# ❌ WRONG EXTENSION
invalid_ext/.rt|Wrong file
invalid_ext/1.1rt|Wrong file

# ❌ 🌞 WRONG AMBIENT
bad_ambient/A_ratio_high.rt|Invalid ambient brightness
bad_ambient/A_ratio_low.rt|Invalid ambient brightness
bad_ambient/A_ratio_nan.rt|Invalid ambient brightness

bad_ambient/A_r_high.rt|Invalid ambient color format
bad_ambient/A_g_high.rt|Invalid ambient color format
bad_ambient/A_b_high.rt|Invalid ambient color format

bad_ambient/A_r_low.rt|Invalid ambient color format
bad_ambient/A_g_low.rt|Invalid ambient color format
bad_ambient/A_b_low.rt|Invalid ambient color format

bad_ambient/A_r_nan.rt|Invalid ambient color format
bad_ambient/A_g_nan.rt|Invalid ambient color format
bad_ambient/A_b_nan.rt|Invalid ambient color format

# ❌ 📸 WRONG CAMERA
bad_camera/C_pos.rt|Invalid camera center vector
bad_camera/C_normal.rt|Invalid camera normal vector
bad_camera/C_fov.rt|Invalid field of view

# ❌ 💡 WRONG LIGHT
bad_light/L_pos.rt|Invalid light point
bad_light/L_ratio.rt|Invalid light brightness
bad_light/L_rgb.rt|Invalid light color format

# ❌ 🍊 WRONG SPHERE (The messages aren't consistent with camera's or light's)
bad_sphere/sp_pos.rt|Invalid sphere point
bad_sphere/sp_d.rt|Invalid sphere diameter
bad_sphere/sp_rgb.rt|Invalid sphere color format

# ❌ 📄 WRONG PLANE
bad_plane/pl_pos.rt|Invalid plane point
bad_plane/pl_normal.rt|Invalid plane normal
bad_plane/pl_rgb.rt|Invalid plane color format

# ❌ 🗿 WRONG CYLINDER
bad_cylinder/cy_pos.rt|Invalid cylinder point
bad_cylinder/cy_normal.rt|Invalid cylinder normal
bad_cylinder/cy_d.rt|Invalid cylinder diameter
bad_cylinder/cy_h.rt|Invalid cylinder height
bad_cylinder/cy_rgb.rt|Invalid cylinder color format

# ❌ ⚙️ OTHERS
A_twice.rt|More than 1 ambient light
